Extend JSON function docs (#17758)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/json-functions/json-functions-search.md

```json
SELECT JSON_SEARCH('{"a": ["aa", "bb", "cc"], "b": ["cc", "dd"]}','all','cc');
```

```
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| JSON_SEARCH('{"a": ["aa", "bb", "cc"], "b": ["cc", "dd"]}','all','cc') |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ["$.a[2]", "$.b[0]"]                                                   |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.01 sec)
```

## [MEMBER OF()](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/json-search-functions.html#operator_member-of)

The `str MEMBER OF (json_array)` functions tests if the passed value is an element of the `json_array`, returns 1. Otherwise, returns 0. Returns `NULL` if any of the arguments is `NULL`.

```
SELECT '🍍' MEMBER OF ('["🍍","🥥","🥭"]') AS 'Contains pineapple';
```

```
+--------------------+
| Contains pineapple |
+--------------------+
|                  1 |
+--------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)

```

## [JSON_OVERLAPS()](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/json-search-functions.html#function_json-overlaps)

> The `JSON_OVERLAPS(json_doc, json_doc)` function indicates whether two JSON documents have overlapping part. If yes, returns 1. If not, returns 0. Returns `NULL` if any of the arguments is `NULL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `JSON_OVERLAPS(json_doc, json_doc)` function indicates whether two JSON documents have overlapping part. If yes, it returns `1`. If not, it returns `0`. It returns `NULL` if any of the arguments is `NULL`.
```

Examples:

> The example below shows that there is no overlap because the array value is not having the same number of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows that there is no overlap because the array value does not have the same number of elements.
```

```sql
SELECT JSON_OVERLAPS(
    '{"languages": ["Go","Rust","C#"]}',
    '{"languages": ["Go","Rust"]}'
) AS 'Overlaps';
```

```
+----------+
| Overlaps |
+----------+
|        0 |
+----------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

> The example below shows that both JSON documents overlap as they are identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows that both JSON documents overlap as they are identical.
```

```sql
SELECT JSON_OVERLAPS(
    '{"languages": ["Go","Rust","C#"]}',
    '{"languages": ["Go","Rust","C#"]}'
) AS 'Overlaps';
```

```
+----------+
| Overlaps |
+----------+
|        1 |
+----------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

> The example below shows that there is an overlap, while the second document has an extra attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows that there is an overlap, while the second document has an extra attribute.
```

```

```
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
| JSON_CONTAINS_PATH('{"foo": "bar", "aaa": 5}','all','$.foo', '$.aaa') |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
|                                                                     1 |
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

## [JSON_EXTRACT()](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/json-search-functions.html#function_json-extract)

The `JSON_EXTRACT(json_doc, path[, path] ...)` function extracts data from a JSON document, selected from the parts of the document matched by the `path` arguments.

```sql
SELECT JSON_EXTRACT('{"foo": "bar", "aaa": 5}', '$.foo');
```

```
+---------------------------------------------------+
| JSON_EXTRACT('{"foo": "bar", "aaa": 5}', '$.foo') |
+---------------------------------------------------+
| "bar"                                             |
+---------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

## [->](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/json-search-functions.html#operator_json-column-path)

> The `column->path` function returns the data in `column` that matches the `path` argument.  It is an alias for [`JSON_EXTRACT()`](#json_extract).

Author: ```suggestion
The `column->path` function returns the data in `column` that matches the `path` argument. It is an alias for [`JSON_EXTRACT()`](#json_extract).
```

SELECT JSON_SEARCH('{"a": ["aa", "bb", "cc"], "b": ["cc", "dd"]}','one','cc');
```

```
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| JSON_SEARCH('{"a": ["aa", "bb", "cc"], "b": ["cc", "dd"]}','one','cc') |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| "$.a[2]"                                                               |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.00 sec)
```

Now you do the same, but set `sub_or_all` to `all` to get not just the first result, but all results.

```json
SELECT JSON_SEARCH('{"a": ["aa", "bb", "cc"], "b": ["cc", "dd"]}','all','cc');
```

```
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| JSON_SEARCH('{"a": ["aa", "bb", "cc"], "b": ["cc", "dd"]}','all','cc') |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ["$.a[2]", "$.b[0]"]                                                   |
+------------------------------------------------------------------------+
1 row in set (0.01 sec)
```

## [MEMBER OF()](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/json-search-functions.html#operator_member-of)

> The `str MEMBER OF (json_array)` functions tests if the passed value is an element of the `json_array`, it returns `1`. Otherwise, it returns `0`. It returns `NULL` if any of the arguments is `NULL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `str MEMBER OF (json_array)` function tests if the passed value is an element of the `json_array`, it returns `1`. Otherwise, it returns `0`. It returns `NULL` if any of the arguments is `NULL`.
```
